---
title: Welcome to Surpassing the Spreadsheet!
toc: false
draft: true
---

My name is Carlos and welcome to my new blog Surpassing the Spreadsheet where I will be posting everything data-related in my career and learning journey.

Let's get something out of the way, I've got nothing against spreadhseets, they have been my bread and butter for at least the last 5 years. As a data analyst, they are part of my core toolkit, I work with them daily and everyone wants to at least be able to export their analyses to a spreadsheet. But... spreadsheets have their limitations and I have stumbled upon them more than once. 

I majored in Industrial Engineering with a minor in Systems Theory so we used spreadsheets almost daily. After graduation I started as a data analyst in healthcare where I continued to use them daily. Precisely due to their limitations, I started to learn other alternatives like Python and SQL. I did a few certifications for data analysis and data science over these past few years. 

I consider myself an eternal student, I like to keep learning new things. I know I still have a lot to learn and explore in the data field (specially due to the fact that it is still a field in constant change) and this blog is meant as a way for me to document and motivate myself to keep learning, exploring new topics and writing about them. I hope someone can also learn something while reading some of the posts I'll be publishing. Disclaimer, I'll be posting based on what I'm currently learning and doing, but I don't expect to make every post perfect nor the website in itself since both are a means to the end of learning, but not the end.

I'll keep my relevant socials and contact info linked in the sidebar, feel free to shoot me a message to connect!